Whose fault?
Let's play the blame game, I love you more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Let's call out names, names, I hate you more
Let's call out names, names for sure
I'll call you - for short as a last resort and my first resort
You call me - for long
At the end of it you know we both were wrong
But I love to play the blame game, I love you more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Let's call out names, names, I hate you more
Let's call out names, names for sure
On a bathroom wall I wrote
"I'd rather argue with you than be with someone else"
I took a - and dismiss it like f- it and I went and found somebody else
Arguing and harvesting the feelings, yo' I'd rather be by my - self
'Til about 2 a.m. and I call back, and I hang up, and I start to blame myself
Somebody help
Let's play the blame game, I love you more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Let's call her names, names, I hate you more
Let's call her names, names for sure
You weren't perfect but you made life worth it
Stick around, some real feelings might surface
Been a long time since I spoke to you in a bathroom gripping you up - and choking you
What the hell was I supposed to do
I know you ain't getting this type of - from that local dude
And if you are, I hope you have a good time
'Cause I definitely be having mine
And you ain't finna see a mogul get emotional
Every time I hear 'bout other - stroking you
Lying, say I hit you
He sitting there consoling you
Rubbing my name through the mud
Who's provoking you?
You should be grateful a - like me ever noticed you
Now you noticeable and can't nobody get control of you
1 a.m. and can't nobody get a hold of you
I'm calling your brother's phone like what was I supposed to do
Even though I knew, he never told the truth
He was just gon' say whatever that you told him to
At a certain point I had to stop asking questions
Y'all got dirt on each other like mud wrestlers
I heard he bought some coke with my money
That ain't right girl
You getting blackmailed for that white girl
You always said, "Yeezy, I ain't your right girl
You probably find one of them 'I like art' type girls"
All of her life, she was caught in the hype girl
And I was satisfied being in love with the lie
Then who to blame, you to blame, me to blame
For the pain and it poured every time when it rained
Let's play the blame game, I love you, more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Things used to be, now they're not
Anything but us is who we are
Disguising ourselves as secret lovers
We've become public enemies
We walk away like strangers in the street
Gone for eternity, we erased one another
So far from where we came, with so much of everything
How do we leave with nothing?
Lack of visual empathy equates the meaning of L-O-V-E
Hatred and attitude tear us entirely
Chloe Mitchell
Let's play the blame game, I love you more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Let's call out names, names, I hate you more
Let's call out names, names, for sure
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
No, I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
And I know that you were somewhere doing your thing
And when the phone called it just rang and rang
You ain't pick up, but your phone accidentally called me back
And I heard the whole thing
I heard the whole thing, the whole thing, the whole thing, whole thing
Oh my God
Baby, you done took this s- to another - level
Now a neighborhood - like me ain't supposed to be getting no - like this
- Damn, - damn!
Who taught you how to get sexy for a -? (Yeezy taught me)
You never used to talk dirty, but now you, you got damn disgusting
My-my God, where-where'd you learn that? (Yeezy taught me)
Look at you - naked with them - Jimmy Choos on
Who taught you how to put some - Jimmy Choos on? (Yeezy taught me)
Yo, you took your - game up a whole 'nother level
This is some Cirque du Soleil - now -
You done went all porno on a -, ok, and I, and I love it
And I thank you, I thank you, my - thanks you!
How d'you learn, how, how did your - game come up? (Yeezy taught me)
I was - parts of your - I've never fucked before
I was in there like, "Oh, - I've never been here before"
I've never even seen this part of - town before
It's like you got this - re-upholstered or some -
What the - happened?
Who, who the - got your - all re-upholstered?
(Yeezy re-upholstered my -)
You know what, I got to thank Yeezy
And when I see that -, I'ma thank him
I'ma buy the album
I'ma download that -, I'ma shoot a bootlegger!
That's how good I feel about this -
Ahh!, I still can't believe you got me this watch
This - is the exact - I wanted
Even with the bezel this is the - I wanted
I saw this -, I saw that Twista had this - on in The Source
I remember, Twista had this - on in The Source
That's right, that's right!
Yo, yo, babe, yo, yo, this is the best birthday ever!
Where you learn to treat a - like this?
(Yeezy taught me)
Yeezy taught you well
Yeezy taught you well